DOCUMENT:Q130261  14-DEC-1995  [homemm]
TITLE   :MSDN April 1995:  MANSETUP.TXT Contents
PRODUCT :Microsoft Home Multimedia Titles
PROD/VER:
OPER/SYS:WINDOWS
KEYWORDS:kbmm kbreadme

---------------------------------------------------------------------
The information in this article applies to:

 - Microsoft Developer Network, April 1995
---------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY
=======

The following information is the contents of the MANSETUP.TXT file
located in the root directory of the Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) April 1995 CDROM disc. The information outlines the manual setup
processand the license agreement for the product.

Microsoft Development Library (CD 11, April 1995)
LICENSE AGREEMENT AND MANUAL SETUP INSTRUCTIONS
-------------------------------------------------

Please read the License Agreement below before installing the
Microsoft Development Library software. If you do not agree with the
terms of this Agreement, promptly return the Microsoft Development
Library and accompanying materials to the place you obtained
them for a full refund.

*****************************
MICROSOFT DEVELOPMENT LIBRARY
MICROSOFT LICENSE AGREEMENT
*****************************

This is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or an
entity) and Microsoft Corporation. By installing the Development
Library software, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement,
promptly return the disc case(s) and the accompanying items
(including written materials and binders or other containers) to the
place you obtained them for a full refund.

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE
--------------------------

1.  GRANT OF LICENSE. Microsoft grants you the right to use the
enclosed CD-ROM disc(s) ("SOFTWARE") in the manner provided below:

    (a) A single-user license permits you (either an individual, or
if an entity, one designated individual) to use the program
designated as the Viewer Application ("APPLICATION") on any computer
system for the purpose of accessing the SOFTWARE.

    (b) If you have purchased the Single Server-5 Concurrent User or
Single Server-25 Concurrent User license, you may install one copy of
the SOFTWARE on one local network server. The APPLICATION may be
installed by an unlimited number of users, except that no more than
five (5) [or twenty five (25)] users may concurrently use the
APPLICATION.

    (c) If the anticipated number of concurrent users of the SOFTWARE
will exceed the number of applicable licenses, you must have a
reasonable mechanism in place to ensure that the number of persons
using the SOFTWARE concurrently does not exceed the number of
licenses.

    (d) Each licensed user, whether a concurrent user or single user,
may make an unlimited number of copies of any material from the
SOFTWARE or from other written materials accompanying the SOFTWARE,
provided that such copies shall be used only for internal purposes
and are not to be republished or distributed (either in hardcopy or
electronic form) beyond the user's premises, except as provided in
Sections 4 and 5.

    (e) You may purchase additional single-user licenses from
Microsoft to permit additional individuals to install and use the
APPLICATION. If additional single-user licenses for the SOFTWARE have
been purchased, only the individuals for whom the licenses have been
purchased can use the APPLICATION.

    (f) A single-user license permits you and any additional
single-user licensee(s) to access the SOFTWARE over a network server;
however, the SOFTWARE can be accessed on only one network server,
regardless of the number of additional licenses purchased.


2.  COPYRIGHT. The SOFTWARE, including any images, photographs,
animations, video, audio, music, and text incorporated in the
SOFTWARE, is owned by Microsoft or its suppliers and is protected by
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. You
may not reproduce or distribute the SOFTWARE or any written materials
accompanying the SOFTWARE except as otherwise provided herein.

3.  OTHER RESTRICTIONS. You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE. You
may make a permanent transfer of the SOFTWARE by providing Microsoft
written notice of your name, company, and address and the name,
company, and address of the person to whom you are transferring the
rights granted herein. In the event of a transfer, you may not retain
copies of the SOFTWARE and accompanying written materials, and the
recipient must agree to the terms of this Agreement. You may not
reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE except to
the extent that such foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by
applicable law. If the SOFTWARE is an update or has been updated, any
transfer of the license to use the SOFTWARE must include the most
recent update and all prior versions. If a separate license agreement
for a particular component of the SOFTWARE is included on the CD
("Component Agreement"), the terms of such Component Agreement will
control in the event of inconsistencies between this Agreement and
the Component Agreement.

4.  SAMPLE CODE. Microsoft grants you a royalty-free right to use and
modify the source code version and to reproduce and distribute the
object code version of the sample code, icons, cursors, and bitmaps
provided within the Sample Code bin/folder on the SOFTWARE ("Sample
Code"), provided that: (a) you distribute the Sample Code only in
conjunction with and as a part of your software product that adds
primary and significant functionality to the Sample Code; (b) you do
not use Microsoft's name, logo, or trademarks to market your software
product; (c) you agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend
Microsoft and its suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits,
including attorneys' fees, that arise or result from your
distribution of your software product; (d) you include "Copyright
<year>, Microsoft Systems Journal" in all Microsoft Systems Journal
(MSJ) code used within your program(s); and (e) you otherwise comply
with the terms of this license agreement.

5. REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS. Microsoft grants you a non-exclusive
royalty-free right to reproduce and distribute the .DLL files
included as part of the Sample Code provided that: (a) you distribute
the .DLL files only in conjunction with and as a part of your
software product that adds primary and significant functionality to
the Sample Code; (b) you do not use Microsoft's name, logo, or
trademarks to market your software product; (c) you agree to
indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Microsoft and its suppliers from
and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that
arise or result from the use or distribution of your software
product; (d) you include "Copyright <year>, Microsoft Systems
Journal" in all Microsoft Systems Journal (MSJ) code used within your
program(s); and (e) you otherwise comply with the terms of this
license agreement.

6. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You agree that neither you nor your customers
intend to or will, directly or indirectly, export or transmit (a) the
SOFTWARE or related documentation and technical data or (b) your
software product as described in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement
(or any part thereof), or process, or service that is the direct
product of the SOFTWARE to any country to which such export or
transmission is restricted by any applicable U.S. regulation or
statute, without the prior written consent, if required, of the
Bureau of Export Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce,
or such other governmental entity as may have jurisdiction over such
export or transmission.

LIMITED WARRANTY
----------------

NO WARRANTIES. Microsoft expressly disclaims any warranty for the
SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE and any related documentation is provided "as
is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk
arising out of use or performance of the SOFTWARE remains with you.

CUSTOMER REMEDIES. Microsoft's entire liability and your exclusive
remedy shall not exceed the price paid for the SOFTWARE.

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. In no event shall Microsoft
or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of business profit, business
interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary
loss) arising out of the use or inability to use this Microsoft
product, even if Microsoft has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental
damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
---------------------------------

The SOFTWARE and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to
restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Right in
Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer
Software--Restricted Rights 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.
Manufacturer is Microsoft Corporation/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA
98052-6399.

If you acquired this product in the United States, this Agreement is
governed by the laws of the State of Washington.

If you acquired this product in Canada, this Agreement is governed by
the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. Each of the parties
hereto irrevocably attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
Province of Ontario and further agrees to commence any litigation
which may arise hereunder in the courts located in the Judicial
District of York, Province of Ontario.

Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you
desire to contact Microsoft for any reason, please contact the
Microsoft subsidiary serving your country, or write: Microsoft
Customer Sales and Service/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA  98052-6399.

Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft au CANADA, la garantie
limit e suivante vous concerne:

GARANTIE LIMIT E
----------------

EXCLUSION DE GARANTIES.  Microsoft renonce enti rement   toute
garantie pour le LOGICIEL. Le LOGICIEL et toute autre documentation
s'y rapportant sont fournis  comme tels  sans aucune garantie quelle
qu'elle soit, expresse ou implicite, y compris, mais ne se limitant
pas, aux garanties implicites de la qualit  marchande ou un usage
particulier. Le risque total d coulant de l'utilisation ou de la
performance du LOGICIEL est entre vos mains.

RECOURS DU CLIENT.  La seule obligation de Microsoft et votre recours
exclusif n'exc deront pas le prix pay  pour le LOGICIEL.

ABSENCE DE RESPONSABILIT  POUR LES DOMMAGES INDIRECTS.  Microsoft ou
ses fournisseurs ne pourront  tre tenus responsables en aucune
circonstance de tout dommage quel qu'il soit (y compris mais non de
fa on limitative les dommages directs ou indirects caus s par la
perte de b n fices commerciaux, l'interruption des affaires, la perte
d'information commerciale, ou toute autre perte p cuniaire) r sultant
de l'utilisation ou de l'impossibilit  d'utilisation de ce produit,
et ce, m me si la soci t  Microsoft a  t  avis e de l' ventualit  de
tels dommages. Certains  tats/juridictions ne permettent pas
l'exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit  relative aux dommages
indirects ou cons cutifs, et la limitation ci-dessus peut ne pas
s'appliquer   votre  gard.

DROITS LIMIT S DU GOUVERNEMENT AM RICAIN
----------------------------------------

Le LOGICIEL et la documentation sont offerts avec des DROITS LIMIT S.
L'utilisation, la reproduction ou la divulgation par le gouvernement
sont sujettes aux restrictions  nonc es au sous-ali na (c)(1)(ii) de
The Right in Technical Data and Computer Software, clause au DFARS
252.227-7013 ou aux sous-ali nas (c)(1) et (2) de Commercial Computer
Software--Droits limit s au 48 CFR 52.227-19, tel qu'applicable.
Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington
98052-6399 est le fabricant.

La pr sente Convention est r gie par les lois de la province
d'Ontario, Canada. Chacune des parties   la pr sente reconna t
irr vocablement la comp tence des tribunaux de la province d'Ontario
et consent   instituer tout litige qui pourrait d couler de la
pr sente aupr s des tribunaux situ s dans le district judiciaire de
York, province d'Ontario.

Au cas o  vous auriez des questions concernant cette licence ou que
vous d siriez vous mettre en rapport avec Microsoft pour quelque
raison que ce soit, veuillez contacter la succursale Microsoft
desservant votre pays, dont l'adresse est fournie dans ce produit, ou
 crire  : Microsoft Customer Sales and Service, One Microsoft Way,
Redmond, Washington 98052-6399.

09/02/94  LE912540.007 (Microsoft Development Library, April 1995)

**************************
MANUAL SETUP INSTRUCTIONS
**************************

Please run the Microsoft Development Library Setup program
(SETUP.EXE) from the Development Library CD to install the
Development Library on your system. Follow the manual setup
instructions below ONLY if the Setup program fails.

The manual setup instructions are equivalent to running Setup with the
standard installation option. These instructions result in a complete
installation of the Library with the exception of transferring
bookmarks and annotations from previous releases. To transfer
bookmarks and annotations, you must run the Setup program.

Instructions:

1. Create a new installation directory for the Development Library
(we've assumed C:\MSDNCD in the instructions below).

2. Copy the following files from the Development Library CD to C:\MSDNCD:

    msdn.ico
    msin.exe
    msdncd.hlp
    relnotes.hlp

3. Edit the MSIN.INI file, located in your Windows directory.

If you do not have an MSIN.INI file on your system, you will need to
create one with the information shown below. If you do have an
existing MSIN.INI file, add the following sections into the existing
file. (D: represents your CD drive; please replace this with the
correct drive letter.)

**************** MSIN.INI**********************

    [MSDN.Settings]
    licensed.name=<Enter your name here (required)>
    licensed.organization=<Enter your company name here (optional)>
    license_version=9/2/94
    license_last_read=<Enter the current date>

    [series]
    MSDN=MSDNCD11.MVB

    [all titles]
    MSDNCD11.MVB=MSDNCD11.MVB

    [MSDNCD11.MVB]
    title=Microsoft Development Library April 1995
    installtype=Standard
    LocalDir=C:\MSDNCD
    Path=D:\

**********************************************************************

4. In Program Manager, choose the New command from the File menu.
Choose Program Group from the New Program Object dialog box. In the
Program Group Properties dialog box, type "MS Developer Network" in
the Description text field.

5. In Program Manager, choose the New command from the File menu.
Choose Program Item from the New Program Object dialog box to create
an icon for the Development Library. In the Program Item Properties
dialog box, type the following information:

    Description: Development Library April 1995
    Command Line: C:\MSDNCD\MSIN MSDNCD11

Choose MSDN.ICO from the installation directory as the icon file.

6. In Program Manager, choose the New command again from the File
menu. Choose Program Item from the New Program Object dialog box to
create an  icon for the Development Library Release Notes. In the
Program Item Properties dialog box, type the following information:

    Description: Release Notes
    Command Line: C:\MSDNCD\RELNOTES.HLP
    Working Directory: C:\MSDNCD

Installation of the Microsoft Development Library is now complete.

KBCategory: kbmm kbreadme
KBSubcategory: win31 multi media multimedia multi-media

Additional reference words: kbhowto April 1995 mmtitles

=============================================================================

THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE MICROSOFT KNOWLEDGE BASE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  MICROSOFT DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT CORPORATION OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF
MICROSOFT CORPORATION OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES
SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY.

Copyright Microsoft Corporation 1995.